RubyConf Portugal is dedicated to providing a harassment-free conference
experience for everyone, regardless of gender, sexual orientation, disability,
physical appearance, body size, race, or religion. We do not tolerate
harassment of conference participants in any form. Sexual language and imagery
is not appropriate for any conference venue, including talks and workshops.
Conference participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled
from the conference without a refund at the discretion of the conference
organizers.

Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to gender, sexual
orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, religion, sexual
images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following,
harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other
events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention.
Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply
immediately.

Exhibitors in the expo hall, sponsor or vendor booths, or similar activities
are also subject to the anti-harassment policy. In particular, exhibitors
should not use sexualized images, activities, or other material. Booth staff
(including volunteers) should not use sexualized clothing/uniforms/costumes, or
otherwise create a sexualized environment.

If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the conference organizers may
take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or
expulsion from the conference with no refund. If you are being harassed, notice
that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact
a member of conference staff immediately. Conference staff can be identified by
t-shirts.

Conference staff will be happy to help participants contact hotel/venue
security or local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist those
experiencing harassment to feel safe for the duration of the conference.

We expect participants to follow these rules at conference and workshop venues
and conference-related social events.


Organizers email:  
[hello@rubyconf.pt](mailto:hello@rubyconf.pt)

Organizers phone:  
00351 916 748 994

Emergency number:  
112

Local taxi company:  
00351 253 253 253
